wow it's so great to have you here it
really is a thrill for me to have you
here and uh you know III if you don't
mind I want to tell you a story about
how I discovered you and how you came
into my life I was living in Las Vegas I
was flying home to visit my family in
Brooklyn I was a teenager and this
college girl was seated next to me and
she said what kind of music are you into
and I went like oh no you know and she
said do you like Bruce Springsteen and
I'd heard of you but I didn't really
know about you and she gave me her
Walkman and let me listen to your music
the whole rest of the flight and from
then on you and I have been a team even
they didn't know and this is a actual
photograph this is my band leader CLE
doe and me well we were I think I was
like 16 17 years old this is my
Christmas present was your box set 1986
so I'm excited to have here your mom's
from Brooklyn right she is is from
Barrett baby
right now and I know you know this
there's a Bruce Springsteen exhibit
happening at a museum in your hometown
of freehold New Jersey which has to be
weird right
I mean dinosaurs they put on exhibit you
know I know I actually went down there
and I played a couple of tunes with the
band that night they opened this thing
and it's a little it's an hour it's a
small town and there's this small
History Museum and and they have a some
things about me in there did you learn
anything about yourself I did there's
plenty of people that know more about me
than I do so I went down there and they
traced the Springsteen's all the way
back to the Revolutionary War Wow and
which side were you on
and then they traced up through the
Civil War and then the most interesting
thing was they had a small parlor guitar
which is what people played in those
days so the small guitar about this big
going back to the 1800s supposedly from
one of my relatives Wow I'm not the
first guitar player in this is it
possible that is just completely made up
it is did you get a chance to hold how
to lay that guitar you did it was behind
Plexiglas Wow I loved your movie you do
co-directed this movie with Tom Zimny
and what why didn't you want to direct
this one
well my directors credit is it is that
the generosity of Tom's and me I didn't
come anywhere near AIC but uh but we
kind of conceptualized the whole thing
together starting from the beginning and
it was just a big collaboration between
the two of us but you did actually shoot
some of the movie yourself some of the
whole movie there's a great scene in
this movie I love this scene so much
it's your honeymoon with Patty and you
just seems like you set the camera maybe
on the table or yeah we have a little
camera
it was 1988 and we were shooting some
videos on on our honeymoon
uh-huh and I put it on the hood of the
car and the rest was arrested it's very
sweet it really is you know we stood
when the kids were little we used to
shoot a lot but we did the same thing
everybody else does was just you shoot
it and it goes in a box
you don't look at again for 33 years so
you go through all of that stuff for
this time being Tom Zimm he did and and
he had going through all of our home
videos and gave them to me for Christmas
kind of put them on CDs oh that's great
were the kids into watching that and
watching mom and dad as no my kids are
not into I always believed your kids are
into you watching them yes right well
that is how it's supposed to go I always
said there's you got kids kids don't
wanna go anywhere and see 50 thousands
people cheering for their parents they
would like to see 50,000 people boo
their parents well that would be worth
something else sounds like people are
booing you that way you know what's
coming out for but cheering for your
parents there's no kid that wants to see
50,000 people cheer for their parents
yeah yeah our kids are relatively
uninterested have been relatively
uninterested in in the job that I've
done their entire life you know one of
the things that that I was I was
watching the movie and of course you
know I know your music and but you're
speaking in between songs in the movie
and you speak so beautifully and you
have a lot of wisdom do you feel that
that's true that you have a lot of
wisdom yeah I picked up a few things do
you ever look what's the dumbest thing
you ever wrote is there anything
because honestly I felt like I had to
concentrate to really take your words in
and and understand them really yeah I
did yeah
I'm not that bright I thought it was all
pretty almost pretty direct you know it
is direct is that you say things like
living in good faith is is something
that is important what does that mean
living in good faith maybe it means
something different to everybody just
trying to stay for me it's just I'm just
trying to stay on the street straight
track and and and with honest
transactions between the people that I
care about and people that I meet every
day you know but it can take you a while
to get there I mean the film is
basically about the journey that
everybody takes from from the their
definitions of freedom when you're young
it's all about I want to go where I want
to go and do what I wanna do
I'm gonna be who I want to be and that
that's okay for your 20s and but
somewhere in your 30s it starts to catch
up with you and your definition of
freedom has to expand to include family
your civic life you know community that
you're involved in and if it doesn't you
kind of stick it stuck out in the cold
you know really and you've been there
out in the cold little bit you know and
because I'm in a job that we that is
that retards your growth by by nature
yeah so I mean what I do they still call
play you know and ya know yeah I gotta
work our shoulders you're behind the
scenes probably yeah so journey I think
for people who may be in the arts period
but certainly in the music's it can be a
bit of a bit of a go yeah we're gonna
take a break we're gonna see a clip from
the movie Bruce Springsteen is here is
movie a song a love song
it's the redemption of your heart your
soul transformed through hard thought
hard times and hard realization we drive
out of the darkness into sunshine and
love quote you fall in love with lonely
you end up that way I wish on you and
yours only love companionship God's
blessing and a guiding light through the
dark for all your days
[Music]
[Applause]
it is
I know you hear it all the time but for
me it's a little bit alarming when I
suddenly hear that where's the strangest
place you people have said Bruce oh you
get that in the bathroom or anything
like that well turn me back my my
grandfather who was this sort of five
foot five old-world Italian man used to
go blues blues I should go visit him
every Sunday I would go every Sunday and
he had a dollar and he would sit on this
throne and his in his sitting room and
Bruce come here I come closer come a
little bit closer and he'd get my cheek
like this and then he would start
squeezing that thing and spin in that
thing and finally he'd pull it off you I
my tears would be running down my face
and it'll move what's the matter then I
would get my dollar I had to suffer
through that but that was the first is
so now whenever I hear it it reminds me
of mine you think of your grandfather
mine's me of my grandfather wow you did
something interesting you went to a
theatre that was showing your movie and
you surprised the audience there in
Freehold did they lose their minds what
is my hometown yeah I am seeing somewhat
semi often there I see but yeah you know
everybody got a kick out did you stay
and watch the movie just a little of it
which was fun because if you get a
chance to see it on a big screen
with with good speak good speakers good
because we worked hard on on the way it
looks and we worked hard on getting the
sound right and it says great he
recorded it and shot it in your barn at
your home how did you decide who got to
be in that audience or were the only
people you knew relatives and just
friends with some friends so you have my
cousins and stuff fit in the Lohr yeah
we have we moved back to New Jersey in
the mid
we moved back because we had a 80 member
Italian Irish family uh-huh and that was
the way that I grew up so I wanted my
kids to have that sense of a bigger
world than the entertainment world I
wanted them to see people that did a lot
of other things be around people who
would shape them and they would have a
lot of options because my job is so
weird that to look at it it's not really
a model for how you're gonna go out and
live your life and many different things
you can do so they had a lot of
relatives to look towards uncles and
cousins and it was it was a good growing
up experience for me when I was young
and it was good for them too so I've
seen in my hometown semi-regularly but
everybody everybody got a laugh is it
true that you once opened for teach and
Chong I did where was that
now people bring up a teaching song
we're huge oh sure yeah huge at the time
up in smoke I used to smoke marijuana
back then yeah and the first gig I ever
did when I had my first record out was
opening for Cheech & Chong in a small
cottage in Pennsylvania and I came out
and we played about five songs I thought
it was going really good I was sitting
at the piano and somebody tapped me on
the shoulder and said that's enough
[Laughter]
Wow well it's so great to have you here
and the movie is fantastic it's called
western stars it opens in theaters
Friday Bruce Springsteen everybody thank
you thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed